("Love On Top" by Beyonce)
♪ Bring the beat in ♪
♪ Honey honey ♪
♪ I can see the stars
all the way from here ♪
♪ Can't you see the glow
on the window pane ♪
♪ I can feel the sun
whenever you're near ♪
♪ Every time you touch
me I just melt away ♪
♪ Now everybody asks me why I'm
smiling out from ear to ear ♪
♪ (They say love hurts) ♪
♪ But I know it's gonna
take the real work oh-oh ♪
♪ Nothing's perfect but it's worth it ♪
♪ After fighting through my tears ♪
♪ And finally you put me first ♪
♪ Baby it's you ♪
♪ You're the one I love ♪
♪ You're the one I need ♪
♪ You're the only one I see ♪
♪ Come on baby it's you ♪
♪ You're the one that gives your all ♪
♪ You're the one I can always call ♪
♪ When I need to make everything stop ♪
♪ Finally you put my love on top ♪
♪ Ooh come on baby ♪
♪ You put my love on top top top top top ♪
♪ You put my love on top ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ♪
♪ Come on baby ♪
♪ You put my love on top top top top top ♪
♪ You put my love on top ♪
♪ My love on top ♪
♪ Baby it's you ♪
♪ You're the one I love ♪
♪ You're the one I need ♪
♪ You're the only one I see ♪
♪ Come on baby it's you ♪
♪ You're the one that gives your all ♪
♪ You're the one I can always call ♪
♪ When I need to make everything stop ♪
♪ Finally you put my love on top ♪
♪ Ooh baby ♪
♪ You're the one I love ♪
♪ You're the one I need ♪
♪ You're the only one I see ♪
♪ Come on baby it's you ♪
♪ You're the one that gives your all ♪
♪ You're the one that always calls ♪
♪ When I need you baby everything stops ♪
♪ Finally you put my love on top ♪
♪ Baby you're the one that I love ♪
♪ Baby you're all I need ♪
♪ You're the only one I see ♪
♪ Come on baby it's you ♪
♪ You're the one that gives your all ♪
♪ You're the one that always calls ♪
♪ When I need you everything stops ♪
♪ Finally you put my love on top ♪
♪ Baby 'cause you're the one that I love ♪
♪ Baby you're the one that I need ♪
♪ You're the only one I see ♪
♪ Baby baby it's you ♪
♪ You're the one that gives your all ♪
♪ You're the one that always calls ♪
♪ When I need you everything stops ♪
♪ Finally you put my love on top ♪
Cut.